Circuit Diagram:
To view the circuit, visit the link:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1fzLnro8A8cHphyHPRkAdVcTbn00dHNEz/view?usp=sharing

Theory:
Concept Used:In LED current can only flow in one direction.Positive side of LED is called anode and negative side is called cathod.Current
can only flow from anode to cathode and never opposite. More the current flowing through the LED more will be it's brightness.Always a 
resistor is used while connecting LED to the circuit because if you will connect LED directly to the power supply it will get destroyed.
LED's can be connected in series to increase light power.As with resistor connected in series all LED's will have samed forward current.

Learning and Observations:

1.LED's should not be connected directly to power supply as it will get burn't due to high power.
2.Let us suppose that there are 5 LED's are connected in series with 7.4 volt logic supply with a forward current of 20mA.Then the
 voltage drop can be calculated as:
V(led)=5*1.2=6 Volts
R(s)=V(s)-V(led)=7.4-6=1.4 volt
 Therefore, R(s)=1.4/20=70 ohm
 
 
 Problems and Troubleshotting:
 
 1.Connections were not perfect so after connecting always ensure that the connections are tight.
 2.Sometimes we were not able to uplod the program, for this always ensure:
   2a. You have selected the correct port.
   2b.If then also if you are not able to uplod the program, open new project.
3. Sometimes we faced some problems while writing code for the project so for this we took help from our subject teacher.


Precautions:

1. Always ensure that connections are connected properly.
2. Don't connect LED directly with powewr supply as it will burn out.
3. Always be attentive in the class while the teacher is explaining you the project so that oyu need not to face many problems while
performing the project.

Learning Outcomes:

1. In LED current only flows in one direction.
2. Through ardruino we can many devices which can simplify our lifes.

Skill Learned:
Got a chance to know about the new topic ardruino through which can can be verey useful to humans. Also I learned how to code in
ardruino and how to make proper connections.


